Update create-dotnet-github-action.md (#24374)
dotnet/docs: docs/devops/create-dotnet-github-action.md

> [!TIP]
> The MCR in `mcr.microsoft.com` stands for "Microsoft Container Registry", and is Microsoft's syndicated container catalog from the official Docker hub. For more information, see [Microsoft syndicates container catalog](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/microsoft-syndicates-container-catalog/).

> [!CAUTION]

> > If you use a *global.json* file to pin the SDK version (for example, 5.0.300), you should use `mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/sdk:5.0.300` to prevent breaking the GitHub Action when a new 5.0.x version is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use a *global.json* file to pin the SDK version (for example, `5.0.300`), you should use `mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/sdk:5.0.300` to prevent breaking the GitHub Action when a new 5.0.x version is released.
```

> > [!CAUTION]
> > If you use a *global.json* file to pin the SDK version (for example, `5.0.300`), you should use `mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/sdk:5.0.300` to prevent breaking the GitHub Action when a new 5.0.x version is released.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
> If you use a *global.json* file to pin the SDK version, you should explicitly refer to that version in your *Dockerfile*. For example, if you've used *global.json* to pin SDK version `5.0.300`, your *Dockerfile* should use `mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/sdk:5.0.300`. This prevents breaking the GitHub Action when a new minor revision is released.
```

Seemed a little *too* specific as originally written. How does this look?
